docs: describe our telemetry (#2641)
coder/coder: docs/telemetry.md

# Telemetry

Coder collects telemetry data from all free installations. Our users have the right to know what we collect, why we collect it, and how we use the data.

## What we collect

First of all, we do not collect any information that could threaten the security of your
installation. For example, we do not collect parameters,
environment variables, or passwords.

You can find a full list of the data we collect in the source code [here](https://github.com/coder/coder/blob/main/coderd/telemetry/telemetry.go).

We offer three levels of telemetry that can be configured with the
`CODER_TELEMETRY=x` environment variable. For example, telemetry level 1 can

> be configured with `CODER_TELEMETRY=1`.

Reviewer: Let's adjust these docs to describe the current behavior, and make an issue if we want to change it.

Right now `CODER_TELEMETRY` can be set to `true` or `false`, and defaults to `true`.

Reviewer 2: > Let's adjust these docs to describe the current behavior, and make an issue if we want to change it.

👍

> We offer three levels of telemetry that can be configured with the
> `CODER_TELEMETRY=x` environment variable. For example, telemetry level 1 can
> be configured with `CODER_TELEMETRY=1`.
> 
> `CODER_TELEMETRY=2` is our default level. It includes user email and
> IP addresses. This information is used in aggregate to understand where our
> users are and general demographic information. We may reach out to the
> deployment admin, but will never use these emails for outbound marketing.
> 
> `CODER_TELEMETRY=1` is our lightweight telemetry setting. It excludes
> email and IP addresses, but everything else in the aforementioned source
> code is still sent out. In this level, it is nearly impossible for Coder
> to associate an installation to specific organizations or users.
> 
> `CODER_TELEMETRY=0` disables telemetry altogether. We reserve this setting
> for our enterprise customers. You can also reach out to contact@coder.com if
> you need a zero-telemetry license due to security policy requirements.

Reviewer 3: Based on the current behavior

```suggestion
Telemetry that can be configured with the `CODER_TELEMETRY=x` environment variable.
For example, telemetry can be disabled with `CODER_TELEMETRY=false`.

`CODER_TELEMETRY=true` is our default level. It includes user email and
IP addresses. This information is used in aggregate to understand where our
users are and general demographic information. We may reach out to the
deployment admin, but will never use these emails for outbound marketing.

`CODER_TELEMETRY=false` disables telemetry altogether.
```
